Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedslot-machine-simulation-using-visual-c
<br>
Slot Machine Simulation Using Visual C#A slot machine is a gambling device into which the user inserts money and then pulls a lever (or presses a button). The slot machine then displays a set of random images.If two or more of the images match, the user wins an amount of money that the slot machine dispenses back to the user.Create an application that simulates a slot machine. The attached file shows an example of how the form should look. The application should let the user enter into a TextBox the amount of money he or she is inserting into the machine. When the user selects the Spin button, the application should display three randomly selected symbols. (Slot machines traditionally display fruit symbols. You will find a set of fruit symbols in the Images  Fruit Symbols folder of the Student Sample Programs.)If none of the randomly displayed images match, the program should inform the user that he or she has won $0. If two of the images match, the program should inform the user that he or she has won two times the amount entered. If three of the images match, the program should inform the user that he or she has won three times the amount entered. When the user selects the Exit button to exit the application, the program should display the total amount of money entered into the slot machine during this session and the total amount won. Upon exit, the total amount won is appended to a file that records each session’s total winnings.